---

title: 'New year new me'

date: '2024-01-02'

---


Today is my first day of 2024 (officially). Yesterday spent the afternoon and evening playing
board games with my friends, so didn't get much done.

But what was valuable in the past long weekend is my new year resolution list.
I listed out all different goals I want to achieve in the year, then 
broke them down into daily activities. For example if I want to become
more organized by the end of 2024, one thing I can do is to start 
writing blogs more frequently, which is what I'm doing right now.

I listed out about 6 to 7 goals, although I doubt I will realistically follow all of them, I will try my best to do as much
as possible, as well as try to not get discouraged if I fail to keep up for some time.

Along with the resolution list, I also created a daily schedule in my calendar to keep me reminded. For example, today's schedule is the following:

1. Meditation from 6:45 to 7
2. Workout from 7 to 8
3. Going to work from 8:30 to 5:30 (incl. transit)
4. free time from 5:30 to 9:45
5. reading from 10 to 10:30, then bedtime

Following this would guarantee me to achieve one meditation, one hour workout and 30 minutes of reading. And I would have 4 hours of 
free time to do whatever I want, such as working on my personal projects, blogging, and playing games.

However, the drawback is that there are always unexpected life events, small or big. So it is also important to adapt the schedule
when needed. To do so, I would have to log how I followed the schedule to see flaws.

Today, I tried to meditate without any guidance, but that proved 
too challenging for me and I ended up following a 6 min youtube video
, which gave me enough clarity to complete my workout and first hour
of work. 

Then I realized I had a work meeting at work at 8:30 a.m., so I had to cut my workout short to 30 mins, I always have this meeting every
Tuesday so this would be something I need to account for. I would either make Tuesday my WFH day, go to work after the meeting (which might take up to 1 hour) or permanently cut short my workout.

Work wasn't busy so I ended up coming back home at 3:50 and worked from home until 5, when I started cooking dinner until about 6. Played some spiritfarer with Cass, then I had to gather the dishes into dishwasher, take shower, and it's 9 pm already. 

After that I went into my gaming room and set up my dev environment for finance app on my windows laptop with WSL2, which is really nice, and then started this blog.

Overall I think today is a good start on this new journey. Hope I can keep it up!


---